 
Thank you for applying for the Senior Test Analyst position in Westpac.
To progress further you will need to complete a practical exercise that consists of two parts.
 
Part 1. Analytical - Develop a test approach and document most critical bugs
Resource: https://buggy.justtestit.org
Time allocated: 1-1.5 hours to explore, 30-60 minutes to document
Outcome: 
•	a short description of the test approach for this project
•	documented bug reports on 2-3 most critical bugs in the application
•	if you were to lead test automation for this project, what tests should be automated?
 
 
Part 2.  Test automation
Resource: see the file attached
Time allocated: max 2-2.5 hours
Outcome: 
You will have to create an automated solution for the attached user story. You may use any language, tool/framework and your solution should reflect your level of expertise. 
To complete the exercise, we request that you to: 
• Upload the solution to a public shared repository e.g. GitHub 
• Write clear instructions on how to execute the test 
• Mention any prerequisites / Setup Information for the test  
• Tools that may be required to execute the test  
 
 
It will great if you could send us the test by 06  February 2021.  
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions. 
 
What does 'Shifting Left' mean to you?	
Whose responsibility is quality?	
What are some important quantifiable quality metrics that we can use to measure application health?	
Are you familiar with the testing pyramid?	
What do you know about exploratory testing and how have you incorporated it into your testing projects?	
What was the last thing you read about in testing discipline?	
Have you even been asked to test without documentation? What did you do? What was your approach?	
What do you enjoy most about testing?	
Conversely, what do you least enjoy about testing?

	
Time and quality often feel at odds with one another.
Describe a time when you held firm to meeting a standard even
though time was against you. What was the issue, and how did you
handle it, in detail?	

What behaviors to look for: What actions did they take to ensure quality? What efforts did they make to address
deadlines? What did they do afterwards to relieve future pressures on this work or other work? Did they collaborate
or did they force others' work?
WEAK
Describes situation emotionally
Does not describe strategy for achieving deadline
Achieved deadline through brute force or role power
Allowed situation to happen multiple times
WEAK
Describes situation emotionally
Does not describe strategy for achieving deadline
Achieved deadline through brute force or role power
Allowed situation to happen multiple times



They say quality is free, and its lack of quality that is
expensive. When and how have you chosen to build quality in rather
than going fast and then inspecting/checking afterwards? What was
the work and what was the result of the effort?	

What behaviors to look for: What quality planning did they do in advance? Do they share examples of identifying
potential problems and addressing it in advance? Do they build in measures during the process as well as
afterwards? Were they willing to go slow initially to reduce re-work later?
WEAK
Only considers quality achievement after problems occur
No evidence of scenario planning to prevent problems
No evidence of persuading others to prevent problems
No building in of checkpoints to prevent problems
STRONG
Proactively creates strategy for reviewing plans for quality
Uses scenario planning/brainstorming to ensure quality
Builds in checkpoints to prevent problems
Creates initial runs to check processes


Can you give an example of a time when you personally contributed to a team environment to improve morale or bring a project/ sprint back on track that may have crashed or lost focus?	

✔ What did you do to raise morale or change the team’s focus?
✔ Is there anything you would do differently given a similar situation?
✔ What was the outcome?


Tell me about the most effective team you have worked in?	
Describe a time when you were instrumental in ensuring a team achieved a key goal. 
What did you do to help achieve this goal?
How did you communicate the goal to the team?	
Communicating about ideas can be a challenge. Tell us
about a time when you've been able to make something complex
more simple in order to aid decision making.	

What behaviors to look for: Did they use reasonable judgment in determining how to simplify? Did they weigh the
risks associated with reducing precision? Were they able to communicate their process in a way that made others
support it? Did the simplified communication or approach create a better decision?
WEAK
Situation was not appropriate for simplification
Simplified situation too far
Did not succeed in persuading others
Did not make an appropriate decision
STRONG
Describes clearly why simplification was necessary
Made an appropriate simplification which aided decision
Persuaded others to support decision
Decision was born out by subsequent results


Our single most frequent activity at work is
communication. Tell me about a time where your communication with
others - type, frequency, with whom, about what - helped you build
rapport or create better relationships and outcomes?	

What behaviors to look for: How did they learn about the other person? Were their exchanges based on respect, or
simply getting an outcome? Did they continue the effort? Did they only do so to get a result, or do they show a
pattern of always working at relationships?
WEAK
Only interested in other person for potential outcome
Does not consistently build relationships
Only calls when they want something
Cannot demonstrate clear business benefit
STRONG
Creates strategy for building relationships
Articulates benefit of wide ranging relationships
Gives before getting
Maintains relationships without near term business gain


Communication is the behavior we use to create and
maintain relationships. Tell me about a time when open and frequent
communication built trust between you and another.	


What behaviors to look for: Did they initiate communication or just respond? What did they do to make sure there
was frequent communication, even when there wasn't necessarily a business need? Did the communications take
multiple forms, or just one? Did they address tougher subjects when necessary?
WEAK
Relies on other person to make contact
Uses role power before relationship influence
Does not offer to give before getting
Communicates in a limited way
Communicates only about business matters
STRONG
Has a strategy for maintaining relationship
Gives without prospect of getting
Communicates in multiple ways
Builds trust by sharing personal information
Communicates to maintain relationships for future work



Describe a situation when you had conflicting priorities and had a number of competing task to complete within a set time frame?	
What is the business value of CI/CD?	
Describe your testing experience - What was your influence on the outcome of the projects in which you participated?	
Can you tell us about development environments you have worked in, your role and the different types of methodology you have conducted?	
What tools have you worked with in previous roles? E.g. for testers QC/ JIRA, for devs JIRA, test ng, cukes, etc	
What type of testing techniques are you familiar or experienced with? Can you describe with examples?	
Describe a time when you have had to describe technical information to a customer or a non-expert.	
What has been the most difficult/ complex documentation you have written? (Requirement docs, Solution docs, Test docs)
Can you give us an example of how you approached this?	
Qualities of a Good vs bad engineer?	
What is your general understanding of the requirements for this position and what interests you in applying?	
What motivates you in what your work?	
What aspects of your work do you enjoy less or find particularly dissatisfying and why?	
Being able to see the big picture AND details is important
here. Describe a situation when you had to work to consider all
relevant information, even some that others might have not valued,
to make a better decision.	


What behaviors to look for: Did they use a framework to capture all information that might bear on the problem?
Did they have an analytical framework to stay objective, or did they find information to support their gut? Did they
present all of what they found?
WEAK
Is not able to clearly explain the situation
Analysis is cursory
Decision is not based on information
Bullied others into agreeing rather than persuading
STRONG
Analyzed the information clearly
Ensures all relevant information is considered
Able to decide which information is relevant
Persuades others effectively to the required outcome


Tell us about your exposure to the Agile environment and what you see as both the advantages and disadvantages are?  	
What do you do to continuously improve your skills and your knowledge of the software testing process?	
How do you keep up with industry trends?	
As a Senior engineer you are expected to get up to speed reasonably quick. How will you go about learning about the project/ work and being a productive team member from day one?	
Can you tell us about a time when you wanted to do something different and your team leader/ manager disagreed	
How would your People Leader get the best out of you to ensure you contribute effectively to the Squad and Tribe demands?	
Describe what style of management you prefer that will enable you to perform at your best?	
What do you do to have fun at work?	
Take 90 seconds and give me a highlight reel of your CV 	• Looking for signs of dissatisfaction / grudges / lingering ill will.
• Any unusual comments about former employers? colleagues? environment?
What have been the accomplishments in your present role that you have been most proud off?	
Tell us about what you would consider to be the greatest work day of your life?	
Tell me about a goal you didn't manage to achieve. What happened? What did you do as a result?	
Hindsight is a wonderful thing. If you could go back and change something you've done in the past, what would it be?	
Tell me about the last time someone got upset with you in your working environment and how did you deal with it.  What was the outcome?	
Tell us about a time when you didn’t know how to do something – what did you do get around this?	
How do you measure your success?	
What frustrates you in your day to day work life?	
What is the latest book you are reading? Would you recommend it?	
What do you see as the main benefits of test automation?	
What do you see as the main caveats of test automation?	
What is your approach to test automation?	
What would you say are the advantages of an out the box automation tool over a developed automation framework?	
How would you decide which strategy to choose between OOTB vs developed automation framework	
Have you used Behaviour Driven Development? Could you describe how you practised it?	

